# hello-world
ramblings of a web dev newb searching for relevance in an unfamiliar sea
I like airplanes...but I don't LOVE airplanes. That's why I have made the choice to pursue another interest as a possible career path, after 10 years as an aircraft technician and maintenance controller. 
Dad got me interested in computers in the 1980's. He would piece together hardware and build his own GUI's for his work in the accounting field. He taught me about the hardware he used and how to manipulate through the command line in MS-DOS. I also fell in love with video games during this time. I've had most of the systems on my shelf since the NES. During jr. high and high school I took a computer science and a graphical programming class, but did not decide to follow through as a career. I wish now that I had. I also took drafting, JROTC, and auto mechanics. 
Nope, didn't become an architect. Didn't chase the military either. Yep...became a professional mechanic, although on multi-million dollar passenger aircraft, which has paid the bills and been a great cross-country experience.
What do I think about attempting to swap careers in my 30's? The best way I can describe it is...I feel great about it! It actually makes me happy to see myself learning about computers and programing again, and to visualize implementing the knowledge in a new job field. It just feels right!
I never really enjoyed turning wrenches on airplanes or cars. I was just good at it. I am however really enjoying learning about building websites and coding, finding how much info there is to absorb on the front and back ends along my way, knowing that I will be contributing to the world brain that is the world wide web, and being the administrator of my own self education.
I began learning on this trek in late March 2016. 2 months later I have become familiar with HTML and CSS and have created 4 local browser pages, each with increasing quality. I have continued at the same time, almost every day at work, to read up on computer and software systems fundamentals to give myself a firm foundation to operate from. I have purchased a laptop and am now becoming familiar with Git/Github and Sublime text. I think I am serious about doing this! But, I understand that there is still a very long way to go to get to where I want to be. At least I find the whole process to be very interesting, it should sustain me.
I plan on learning at least one complete development stack, then on to others in the future. I want to make myself marketable, so I can get away from the crazy airlines and terrible work schedules that are common in the aviation industry. I want more and better quality time with my wonderful family, and I want the joy back in my life. So far, I think I'm finally on the right track!
Good luck to all the other guys and gals out there who have put themselves on a similar trajectory. See you on the web!
